Mr. Qi, the Tian family has targeted you many times
Do you want to seize the opportunity to confiscate their property?
Let them go bankrupt
Dad, he was also deceived
This palace is famous
Tianke wants you to lose your lesson
Do it yourself
Even if the Tian family goes bankrupt
I will never regret it
Miss
I looked at Qi Tianming and thought I was still in love with Tian Ke
It shows that he has feelings and righteousness
More worthy of my trust
I think you have been PV.
The new vice president and Lee
I will choose among you
Really? Thank you, President.
I knew it was right to follow the president
3 days later
We will auction off the confiscated Wo Guo assets
Pour in and hope everyone will be there to support
It seems that Haicheng's business community is really going to shuffle
What an incredible opportunity.
Yes, you must.
You have to go to smash pots and sell iron
Helped you again
How can I repay you?
Invite you to dinner
Ok let's go